# Game Project Scope Study

## Required Readings

-   [Game Project](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/game-project)
-   [Game API](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/game-project-api)
-   [What is a User Story](https://www.mountaingoatsoftware.com/agile/user-stories)

## Deliverables

After reading the `game-project` prompt and the `game-project-api` documentation
please do the following and be prepared to share and discuss during our next
class.

Submit detailed answers to the following in this file via a pull request:

-   A wireframe of what your game project will look like.
Wireframe looks like - http://maggicorp.x10host.com/TicTacToeWireFrame.pdf

Also I built a prototype that looks like this -- http://maggicorp.x10host.com/ticTacToe%202/

-   The data structure you plan to use.

I play on storing everything in js objects using keys that match the api specifications.  Within the game object, game over should be a boolean value, the game board itself should be represented by an array of 9 strings, (x, o, or an empty string), and each user should have an email, an id number (generated by the api), a password, and a token (also generated by the api).  There should also be numbers saved in variables that are incremented for the score board and a number saved as a variable that is used to keep track of whose turn it is.

-   How you will take the markup of the game board and represent it in JS

I have 9 html div ojects (representing each square in the tic tac toe board), each with a different id number. The id number will correspond to the index number in the game board array of strings.  When the game starts, the array will be full of empty strings. Depending on if the string is empty or not, the user will turn the string value to 'x' or 'o' when they click on it, depending whose turn it is.  If the array already has a value assigned to it their click won't effect it.  There will also be an event listener to see if a winning combination of strings has been achieved, and it will score the appropriate person as winning once that combination gets entered and the game will end.

-   How you plan to approach this project.

I play to:
0.) build basic version of html and css (done)
1.) figure out how to get the sign in/ password/ logout functions to work.
2.) get board to respond to clicks and turn into either x's or o's, and stop and declare in the console when a game is over and who won.
3.) get js/jquery to properly connect to api to keep scores related to sign in.
4.) get score board to properly display.
5.) make sure I can correctly retrieve total games played by each user.
6. )make sure multiple games can be played at onece.
7. ) publish the site online.
8.) make an additional astetic changes to html, css, ect,
9. ) make sure that the readme doc is complete and meets all requirements.


-   4-8 user stories for your game project.

1. As a user, I want to play tic tac toe
2. As a user, I want to keep track of my score, and the person I am playing against's score
3. As a user, I want the sign in process to be quick and easy.
4. As a user, I want to be able to sign out quickly.
5. As a user, I want to be able to restart a game if I want to.
6. As a user, I want to be able to switch windows without losing my game progress.
7. As a user, I want the tic tac toe game to look fun.
8. As a user, I want the game to load quickly.


-   How you plan to keep your code modular.

 I will try to keep everything in different files, and break up the files both by type, eg html, js, css, and also DOM manipulation, and also by functionality, eg login code, boardgame code, and score keeping code.

-   What creative spin will you add to your project?

I want to style the game after 90's arcade games.  I might also have responsive text or images that comes up at the end of the game that is also arcade game theme.

-   How will you use version control to backup / track your project?

I am going to try and use git really frequently and take this as an oppertunity to practice commiting a lot and writing really clear commit messages.  I also want to approach the project in a linear way.

-   Do you plan to attempt any of the bonuses?

I don't yet.  I am still really nervous about being able to finish the project by Friday and am not thinking about doing anything extra yet.  I plan to re-evaluate by the end of the day Tuesday and see if I can do anything more ambitious.  If I feel like I am ready for it, I would definitely want to try some of the bonuses.

You may want to submit pictures for your wireframes and/or user stories.
[Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
has instructions to link to a picture you've uploaded to a service like [Imgur](http://imgur.com/).
